docs/10-resources.md, before:

# 10. Resources

## Links

- [Pilot Vesting Contract](https://app.0xsplits.xyz/accounts/0xF29Ff96aaEa6C9A1fBa851f74737f3c069d4f1a9/)
- [Protocol Guild twitter](https://twitter.com/protocolguild)
- [Stateful Works Mirror publication](https://stateful.mirror.xyz/)
- [Gnosis Safe multisig](https://gnosis-safe.io/app/eth:0xF6CBDd6Ea6EC3C4359e33de0Ac823701Cc56C6c4/balances)

## Media

| Title | Event | Date |
|:----|:----|:----|
| [Funding Ethereum with the Protocol Guild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVN97qA4gBs&list=PLhuBigpl7lqvMt8d7h4sbCmra9KbFmAdg) | Funding the Commons | June 24 2022 |
| [Funding Ethereum Core Development and the Protocol Guild](https://anchor.fm/i-pledge-allegiance/episodes/Trent-Van-Epps-and-Tim-Beiko---Funding-Ethereum-Core-Development-and-the-Protocol-Guild-e1k26qh) | I Pledge Allegiance podcast | June 20 2022 |
| [The Protocol Guild](https://thedailygwei.substack.com/p/the-protocol-guild-the-daily-gwei?s=w) | The Daily Gwei #481 | May 13 2022 |
| The Protocol Guild ([Watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjE9a9COahc) or [Listen](https://availableon.com/greenpill)) | Green Pill Podcast #10 | April 25 2022 |
| [Funding Ethereum Public Goods with the Protocol Guild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bhx7advbPLE) | ETHDay (Devconnect) | April 18 2022 |
| [Overview of the Protocol Guild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EPRYXYQaIg) | Schelling Point (ETHDenver) | Feb 17 2022 |
| [Announcement post](https://stateful.mirror.xyz/mEDvFXGCKdDhR-N320KRtsq60Y2OPk8rHcHBCFVryXY) | Mirror | Dec 31 2021 |

Commit message:

"Twitter"+ video + date consistency changes - 10-resources.md
- "Twitter" instead of "twitter"
- Added media from Devcon
- Standardized abbreviation of months

docs/10-resources.md, after:

# 10. Resources

## Links

- [Pilot Vesting Contract](https://app.0xsplits.xyz/accounts/0xF29Ff96aaEa6C9A1fBa851f74737f3c069d4f1a9/)
- [Protocol Guild Twitter](https://twitter.com/protocolguild)
- [Stateful Works Mirror publication](https://stateful.mirror.xyz/)
- [Gnosis Safe multisig](https://gnosis-safe.io/app/eth:0xF6CBDd6Ea6EC3C4359e33de0Ac823701Cc56C6c4/balances)

## Media

| Title | Event | Date |
|:----|:----|:----|
| [Funding Ethereum with the Protocol Guild](https://youtu.be/hSgJiZQ70k8) | Devcon 6 | Oct 12 2022 |
| [Funding Ethereum with the Protocol Guild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVN97qA4gBs&list=PLhuBigpl7lqvMt8d7h4sbCmra9KbFmAdg) | Funding the Commons | Jun 24 2022 |
| [Funding Ethereum Core Development and the Protocol Guild](https://anchor.fm/i-pledge-allegiance/episodes/Trent-Van-Epps-and-Tim-Beiko---Funding-Ethereum-Core-Development-and-the-Protocol-Guild-e1k26qh) | I Pledge Allegiance podcast | Jun 20 2022 |
| [The Protocol Guild](https://thedailygwei.substack.com/p/the-protocol-guild-the-daily-gwei?s=w) | The Daily Gwei #481 | May 13 2022 |
| The Protocol Guild ([Watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjE9a9COahc) or [Listen](https://availableon.com/greenpill)) | Green Pill Podcast #10 | Apr 25 2022 |
| [Funding Ethereum Public Goods with the Protocol Guild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bhx7advbPLE) | ETHDay (Devconnect) | Apr 18 2022 |
| [Overview of the Protocol Guild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EPRYXYQaIg) | Schelling Point (ETHDenver) | Feb 17 2022 |
| [Announcement post](https://stateful.mirror.xyz/mEDvFXGCKdDhR-N320KRtsq60Y2OPk8rHcHBCFVryXY) | Mirror | Dec 31 2021 |
